org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/ManualFeedforwardTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.ManualFeedforwardTuner
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.ManualFeedforwardTuner$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.ManualFeedforwardTuner$Mode
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/GamepadEvents.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.GamepadEvents
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.GamepadEvents$GamepadButton
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.GamepadEvents$Trigger
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drives/MecanumDrive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.MecanumDrive
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/DriveConstants.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.DriveConstants
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/robots/Robot.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.robots.Robot
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/util/DashboardUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.DashboardUtil
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drives/RRDriveConstantsTechnicolor.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.RRDriveConstantsTechnicolor
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/subsystems/Intake.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.subsystems.Intake
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/Tracking.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.Tracking
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/FollowerPIDTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.FollowerPIDTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/LocalizationTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.LocalizationTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/TrackingWheelForwardOffsetTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.TrackingWheelForwardOffsetTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Autonomous/BlueAll.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Autonomous.BlueAll
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drives/Drive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.Drive
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.Drive$State
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/DriveVelocityPIDTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.DriveVelocityPIDTuner
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.DriveVelocityPIDTuner$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.DriveVelocityPIDTuner$Mode
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/VuforiaLocalization.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.VuforiaLocalization
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/trajectorysequence/EmptySequenceException.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.trajectorysequence.EmptySequenceException
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Autonomous/Blue2.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Autonomous.Blue2
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/SplineTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.SplineTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/TrackingWheelLateralDistanceTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.TrackingWheelLateralDistanceTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/subsystems/Subsystem.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.subsystems.Subsystem
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/util/LynxModuleUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.LynxModuleUtil
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.LynxModuleUtil$LynxFirmwareVersion
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.LynxModuleUtil$LynxFirmwareVersionException
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/TensorFlowUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.TensorFlowUtil
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.TensorFlowUtil$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.TensorFlowUtil$Stack
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/TrackWidthTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.TrackWidthTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/util/AxesSigns.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.AxesSigns
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/RGBLights.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.RGBLights
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.RGBLights$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.RGBLights$StatusLights
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Autonomous/RedAll.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Autonomous.RedAll
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/MotorDirectionDebugger.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.MotorDirectionDebugger
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/SoundLibrary.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.SoundLibrary
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/TeleOp/ArtemisTeleOp.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TeleOp.ArtemisTeleOp
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/StandardTrackingWheelLocalizer.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.StandardTrackingWheelLocalizer
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/Logger.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.Logger
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/subsystems/Lift.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.subsystems.Lift
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/tests/LiftTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.tests.LiftTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/util/RegressionUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.RegressionUtil
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.RegressionUtil$AccelResult
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.RegressionUtil$RampResult
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/TurnTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.TurnTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/TensorFlow.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.TensorFlow
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/tests/AudioTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.tests.AudioTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/AveragedGyro.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.AveragedGyro
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drives/RRTwoWheelTrackingLocalizer.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.RRTwoWheelTrackingLocalizer
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/MaxAngularVeloTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.MaxAngularVeloTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/util/AssetsTrajectoryManager.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.AssetsTrajectoryManager
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/StraightTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.StraightTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/TurnSegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.TurnSegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/util/BNO055IMUUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.BNO055IMUUtil
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drives/RRDriveConstantsWood.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.RRDriveConstantsWood
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/BackAndForth.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.BackAndForth
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/trajectorysequence/TrajectorySequenceBuilder.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceBuilder
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceBuilder$1ComparingPoints
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceBuilder$AddPathCallback
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/SequenceSegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.SequenceSegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/SampleTankDrive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.SampleTankDrive
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/MaxVelocityTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.MaxVelocityTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/util/LoggingUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.LoggingUtil
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HardwareMap/ArtemisHardwareMap.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HardwareMap.ArtemisHardwareMap
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/trajectorysequence/TrajectorySequenceRunner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceRunner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/Audio.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.Audio
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/VuforiaLocalizerPlus.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.VuforiaLocalizerPlus
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.VuforiaLocalizerPlus$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.VuforiaLocalizerPlus$OpModeNotifications
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/ml/FreightfrenzyBcdm.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.ml.FreightfrenzyBcdm
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.ml.FreightfrenzyBcdm$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.ml.FreightfrenzyBcdm$DetectionResult
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.ml.FreightfrenzyBcdm$Outputs
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/AutomaticFeedforwardTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.AutomaticFeedforwardTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Autonomous/ArtemisAutonomous.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Autonomous.ArtemisAutonomous
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/util/Encoder.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.Encoder
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.util.Encoder$Direction
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/opmode/StrafeTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.opmode.StrafeTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/robots/Robot1.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.robots.Robot1
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/FieldMap.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.FieldMap
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.FieldMap$GroundLocations
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.FieldMap$RobotInfo
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.FieldMap$ScoringGoals
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.FieldMap$VuforiaTargets
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drives/FourWheelDrive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.FourWheelDrive
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/ml/ModelUnquant.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.ml.ModelUnquant
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.ml.ModelUnquant$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.ml.ModelUnquant$Outputs
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drives/TwoWheelDrive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.TwoWheelDrive
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/trajectorysequence/TrajectorySequence.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequence
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/TrajectorySegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.TrajectorySegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Autonomous/Red2.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Autonomous.Red2
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drives/RRMecanumDriveTechnicolor.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.RRMecanumDriveTechnicolor
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.RRMecanumDriveTechnicolor$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.RRMecanumDriveTechnicolor$Mode
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/BuildConfig.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.BuildConfig
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/drive/SampleMecanumDrive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.drive.SampleMecanumDrive
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/utils/Vuforia.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.utils.Vuforia
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/roadrunner/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/WaitSegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.roadrunner.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.WaitSegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drives/RRMecanumDriveWood.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.RRMecanumDriveWood
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.RRMecanumDriveWood$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drives.RRMecanumDriveWood$Mode
